yield-farmers/opening-a-farm-position.md, before:

---
description: Walking through steps to opening a farm position for basic mode.
---

# Opening a farm position

## There are four steps to opening a farming position.

\(1\) Select a farming pool

\(2️\) Supply liquidity

\(3️\) Select leverage amount with toggle

\(4️\) Confirm strategy

That's it!

## 1\) Select a pool

Dahlia V1 will enable leveraged yield farming of liquidity pools that are on **Ubeswap, Mobius, Symmetric, and Sushiswap** initially. Then once **Curve** and **Saddle** go live, those too! Users can select any of the aforementioned pools on Dashboard page.

For instance, if “Ubeswap's UBE-CELO pool” is selected, the transaction will be executed on the UBE-CELO pool on Ubeswap.



![](../.gitbook/assets/image%20%284%29.png)



## 2\) Supply Liquidity

Enter the amount willing to supply to farming. As the picture indicated, a user can press the green "max" button an enter the full amount, or manually add a desired number. Please note, in order to continue, a user must supply a similar amount in value of each token in order to continue.  

![](../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2021-09-27-at-9.20.01-pm.png)

Commit message:

GitBook: [#10] added to open a farm position tab

yield-farmers/opening-a-farm-position.md, after:

---
description: Walking through steps to opening a farm position for basic mode.
---

# Opening a farm position

## There are four steps to opening a farming position.

(1) Select a farming pool

(2️) Supply liquidity

(3️) Select leverage amount with toggle

(4️) Confirm strategy

That's it!

## 1) Select a pool

Dahlia V1 will enable leveraged yield farming of liquidity pools that are on **Ubeswap, Mobius, Symmetric, and Sushiswap** initially. Then once** Curve **and** Saddle **go live, those too! Users can select any of the aforementioned pools on Dashboard page.

For instance, if “Ubeswap's UBE-CELO pool” is selected, the transaction will be executed on the UBE-CELO pool on Ubeswap.

![](<../.gitbook/assets/image (4).png>)



## 2) Supply Liquidity

Enter the amount willing to supply to farming. As the picture indicated, a user can press the green "max" button an enter the full amount, or manually add a desired number. Please note, in order to continue, a user must supply a similar amount in value of each token in order to continue.  

![](../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2021-09-27-at-9.20.01-pm.png)

## 3) Set the amount of leverage

The toggle below the the assets will allow you to the set the amount leverage you want. In other words, the amount you want to borrow on your assets. Be aware, the debt ratio is factored into this.  More about that in the "managing leverage" section.

![](<../.gitbook/assets/Screen Shot 2021-10-08 at 1.48.35 AM (2).png>)

## 4) Look over position breakdown

Once you have set the amount for each asset, you will be directed to a position breakdown to tab that confirms the amount of assets supplied and borrowed for each.

![](<../.gitbook/assets/Screen Shot 2021-10-08 at 1.48.44 AM.png>)

## 5) Just approve, and your set!
